Describe the Polar CHart annotations API (#299)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/20 Data Visualization Widgets/dxPolarChart/1 Configuration/annotations/annotations.md

---
---
##### shortDescription
Specifies the annotation collection.

---     

> Annotations are images and text blocks that provide additional information on the visualized data. The image below demonstrates their appearance:       

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Annotations are images and text blocks that provide additional information about the visualized data.
```

                type="text"
                text="Annotation text"
            />
            <DxAnnotation
                type="image"
                image="http://image/url/myimage.png"
            />
        </DxPolarChart>
    </template>

    <script>
    import DxPolarChart, {
        DxAnnotation
    } from 'devextreme-vue/polar-chart';

    export default {
        components: {
            DxPolarChart,
            DxAnnotation
        },
        data() {
            // ...
        }
    }
    </script>

##### React

    <!-- tab: App.js -->
    import React from 'react';

    import PolarChart, {
        Annotation
    } from 'devextreme-react/polar-chart';

    class App extends React.Component {
        render() {
            return (
                <PolarChart ... >
                    <Annotation
                        type="text"
                        text="Annotation text"
                    />
                    <Annotation
                        type="image"
                        image="http://image/url/myimage.png"
                    />
                </PolarChart>
            );
        }
    }

    export default App;

---

> Annotations can be unanchored or anchored to a **PolarChart** element. Set pixel coordinates ([x](/api-reference/_hidden/dxChartCommonAnnotationConfig/x.md '{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/annotations/#x') and [y](/api-reference/_hidden/dxChartCommonAnnotationConfig/y.md '{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/annotations/#y')) or use [angle](/api-reference/_hidden/dxPolarChartCommonAnnotationConfig/angle.md '{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/annotations/#angle') and [radius](/api-reference/_hidden/dxPolarChartCommonAnnotationConfig/radius.md '{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/annotations/#radius') options to define the position of an unanchored annotation. To anchor an annotation to a **PolarChart** element, use [argument](/api-reference/_hidden/dxChartCommonAnnotationConfig/argument.md '{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/annotations/#argument'), [value](/api-reference/_hidden/dxChartCommonAnnotationConfig/value.md '{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/annotations/#value') or [series](/api-reference/_hidden/dxPolarChartCommonAnnotationConfig/series.md '{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/annotations/#series') options depending on the element you want to anchor the annotation to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Annotations can be anchored to a **PolarChart** element. To do this, use the [argument](/api-reference/_hidden/dxChartCommonAnnotationConfig/argument.md '{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/annotations/#argument'), [value](/api-reference/_hidden/dxChartCommonAnnotationConfig/value.md '{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/annotations/#value') or [series](/api-reference/_hidden/dxPolarChartCommonAnnotationConfig/series.md '{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/annotations/#series') options, depending on the element you want to anchor the annotation to.

To define the position of an unanchored annotation, set the pixel coordinates ([x](/api-reference/_hidden/dxChartCommonAnnotationConfig/x.md '{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/annotations/#x') and [y](/api-reference/_hidden/dxChartCommonAnnotationConfig/y.md '{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/annotations/#y')) or use [angle](/api-reference/_hidden/dxPolarChartCommonAnnotationConfig/angle.md '{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/annotations/#angle') and [radius](/api-reference/_hidden/dxPolarChartCommonAnnotationConfig/radius.md '{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/annotations/#radius') options.
```

                type="text"
                text="Annotation text"
            />
            <DxAnnotation
                type="image"
                image="http://image/url/myimage.png"
            />
        </DxPolarChart>
    </template>

    <script>
    import DxPolarChart, {
        DxAnnotation
    } from 'devextreme-vue/polar-chart';

    export default {
        components: {
            DxPolarChart,
            DxAnnotation
        },
        data() {
            // ...
        }
    }
    </script>

##### React

    <!-- tab: App.js -->
    import React from 'react';

    import PolarChart, {
        Annotation
    } from 'devextreme-react/polar-chart';

    class App extends React.Component {
        render() {
            return (
                <PolarChart ... >
                    <Annotation
                        type="text"
                        text="Annotation text"
                    />
                    <Annotation
                        type="image"
                        image="http://image/url/myimage.png"
                    />
                </PolarChart>
            );
        }
    }

    export default App;

---

> Annotations can be unanchored or anchored to a **PolarChart** element. Set pixel coordinates([x](/api-reference/_hidden/dxChartCommonAnnotationConfig/x.md '{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/annotations/#x') and [y](/api-reference/_hidden/dxChartCommonAnnotationConfig/y.md '{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/annotations/#y')) or use [angle](/api-reference/_hidden/dxPolarChartCommonAnnotationConfig/angle.md '{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/annotations/#angle') and [radius](/api-reference/_hidden/dxPolarChartCommonAnnotationConfig/radius.md '{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/annotations/#radius') options to define the position of an unanchored annotation. To anchor an annotation to a **PolarChart** element, use [argument](/api-reference/_hidden/dxChartCommonAnnotationConfig/argument.md '{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/annotations/#argument'), [value](/api-reference/_hidden/dxChartCommonAnnotationConfig/value.md '{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/annotations/#value') or [series](/api-reference/_hidden/dxPolarChartCommonAnnotationConfig/series.md '{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/annotations/#series') options depending on the element you want to anchor the annotation to.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Annotations can be unanchored or anchored to a **PolarChart** element. Set pixel coordinates ([x](/api-reference/_hidden/dxChartCommonAnnotationConfig/x.md '{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/annotations/#x') and [y](/api-reference/_hidden/dxChartCommonAnnotationConfig/y.md '{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/annotations/#y')) or use [angle](/api-reference/_hidden/dxPolarChartCommonAnnotationConfig/angle.md '{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/annotations/#angle') and [radius](/api-reference/_hidden/dxPolarChartCommonAnnotationConfig/radius.md '{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/annotations/#radius') options to define the position of an unanchored annotation. To anchor an annotation to a **PolarChart** element, use [argument](/api-reference/_hidden/dxChartCommonAnnotationConfig/argument.md '{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/annotations/#argument'), [value](/api-reference/_hidden/dxChartCommonAnnotationConfig/value.md '{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/annotations/#value') or [series](/api-reference/_hidden/dxPolarChartCommonAnnotationConfig/series.md '{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/annotations/#series') options depending on the element you want to anchor the annotation to.
```

- **Unanchored annotation**

        annotations: [{
            x: 100,
            y: 200
        }, {

>             // positioned defined by angle and radius

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```
This is kinda obvious

---
---
##### shortDescription
Specifies the annotation collection.

---     
Annotations are images and text blocks that provide additional information on the visualized data. The image below demonstrates their appearance:       

![DevExtreme PolarChart: Annotations](/images/ChartJS/annotations/polar-chart-text-image-annotation.png)       
To configure annotations, assign an array of objects to the **annotations[]** option. Each object should have the [type](/api-reference/_hidden/dxChartCommonAnnotationConfig/type.md '{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/annotations/#type') field set to *"text"* or *"image"*. Depending on the **type**, specify the annotation's [text](/api-reference/_hidden/dxChartCommonAnnotationConfig/text.md '{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/annotations/#text') or [image](/api-reference/_hidden/dxChartCommonAnnotationConfig/image '{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/annotations/image/') option:
    
---
##### jQuery

    <!-- tab: index.js -->
    $(function() {

>         $("#{widgetName").dx{WidgetName}({

Reviewer 2: Use the proper widget name if the file is not inherited.

                type="text"
                text="Annotation text"
            />
            <DxAnnotation
                type="image"
                image="http://image/url/myimage.png"
            />
        </Dx{WidgetName}>
    </template>

    <script>
    import Dx{WidgetName}, {
        DxAnnotation
    } from 'devextreme-vue/{widget-name}';

    export default {
        components: {
            Dx{WidgetName},
            DxAnnotation
        },
        data() {
            // ...
        }
    }
    </script>

##### React

    <!-- tab: App.js -->
    import React from 'react';

    import {WidgetName}, {
        Annotation
    } from 'devextreme-react/{widget-name}';

    class App extends React.Component {
        render() {
            return (
                <{WidgetName} ... >
                    <Annotation
                        type="text"
                        text="Annotation text"
                    />
                    <Annotation
                        type="image"
                        image="http://image/url/myimage.png"
                    />
                </{WidgetName}>
            );
        }
    }

    export default App;

---

> Annotations can be unattached or anchored to a PolarChart element. The following list shows how to position them. PolarChart coordinates ([argument](/api-reference/_hidden/dxChartCommonAnnotationConfig/argument.md '{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/annotations/#argument'), [value](/api-reference/_hidden/dxChartCommonAnnotationConfig/value.md '{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/annotations/#value'), [axis](/api-reference/_hidden/dxChartCommonAnnotationConfig/axis.md '{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/annotations/#axis'), [series](/api-reference/_hidden/dxPolarChartCommonAnnotationConfig/series.md '{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/annotations/#series')), [angle](/api-reference/_hidden/dxPolarChartCommonAnnotationConfig/angle.md '{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/annotations/#angle') and [radius](/api-reference/_hidden/dxPolarChartCommonAnnotationConfig/radius.md '{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/annotations/#radius') specify the element that the annotation's arrow points to; pixel coordinates ([x](/api-reference/_hidden/dxChartCommonAnnotationConfig/x.md '{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/annotations/#x') and [y](/api-reference/_hidden/dxChartCommonAnnotationConfig/y.md '{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/annotations/#y')) specify the position of the annotation's center.

Reviewer 3: Not need 'axis' for positioning. I'll remove it

> Annotations can be unattached or anchored to a PolarChart element. The following list shows how to position them. PolarChart coordinates ([argument](/api-reference/_hidden/dxChartCommonAnnotationConfig/argument.md '{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/annotations/#argument'), [value](/api-reference/_hidden/dxChartCommonAnnotationConfig/value.md '{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/annotations/#value'), [axis](/api-reference/_hidden/dxChartCommonAnnotationConfig/axis.md '{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/annotations/#axis'), [series](/api-reference/_hidden/dxPolarChartCommonAnnotationConfig/series.md '{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/annotations/#series')), [angle](/api-reference/_hidden/dxPolarChartCommonAnnotationConfig/angle.md '{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/annotations/#angle') and [radius](/api-reference/_hidden/dxPolarChartCommonAnnotationConfig/radius.md '{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/annotations/#radius') specify the element that the annotation's arrow points to; pixel coordinates ([x](/api-reference/_hidden/dxChartCommonAnnotationConfig/x.md '{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/annotations/#x') and [y](/api-reference/_hidden/dxChartCommonAnnotationConfig/y.md '{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/annotations/#y')) specify the position of the annotation's center.

Reviewer 2: Angle and radius do not specify an element.
I believe that `axis` doesn't make sense for the PolarChart.

> Annotations can be unattached or anchored to a PolarChart element. The following list shows how to position them. PolarChart coordinates ([argument](/api-reference/_hidden/dxChartCommonAnnotationConfig/argument.md '{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/annotations/#argument'), [value](/api-reference/_hidden/dxChartCommonAnnotationConfig/value.md '{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/annotations/#value'), [axis](/api-reference/_hidden/dxChartCommonAnnotationConfig/axis.md '{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/annotations/#axis'), [series](/api-reference/_hidden/dxPolarChartCommonAnnotationConfig/series.md '{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/annotations/#series')), [angle](/api-reference/_hidden/dxPolarChartCommonAnnotationConfig/angle.md '{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/annotations/#angle') and [radius](/api-reference/_hidden/dxPolarChartCommonAnnotationConfig/radius.md '{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/annotations/#radius') specify the element that the annotation's arrow points to; pixel coordinates ([x](/api-reference/_hidden/dxChartCommonAnnotationConfig/x.md '{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/annotations/#x') and [y](/api-reference/_hidden/dxChartCommonAnnotationConfig/y.md '{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/annotations/#y')) specify the position of the annotation's center.

Reviewer 2: If "PolarChart" refers to a type of chart, it shouldn't be written as a widget name. If it refer to the widget, it should be written in bold.

- **Unanchored annotation**

        annotations: [{
            x: 100,
            y: 200
        }]

- **Annotation anchored to a polar chart coordinate**

        annotations: [{
            argument: new Date(2019, 1, 16),
            value: 15
        }]

- **Annotation anchored to a series point**

        annotations: [{
            argument: new Date(2019, 1, 16),
            series: "Series 1"
        }]

- **Annotation displayed on an axis**

        annotations: [{ 
            // An annotation on the argument axis 
            argument: new Date(2019, 1, 16)
        }, { 
            // An annotation on the value axis 
            value: 15
        }]

- **Mixed anchoring (pixel and chart coordinates used simultaneously)**

        annotations: [{
            argument: new Date(2019, 1, 16),
            y: 200
        }]

> - **Annotation's position defined by angle and radius**

Reviewer 2: This type of annotations can be called "unanchored" too, only if `x` and `y` specify the position in pixel coordinates, angle and radius specify it in some other coordinates.

---
---
##### shortDescription
Specifies the annotation collection.

---     
Annotations are images and text blocks that provide additional information on the visualized data. The image below demonstrates their appearance:       

> ![DevExtreme Chart: Annotations](/images/ChartJS/annotations/polar-chart-text-annotation.png)       

Reviewer 2: There are many mentions of the Chart widget in this file.

                        type="image"
                        image="http://image/url/myimage.png"
                    />
                </Chart>
            );
        }
    }

    export default App;

---

Annotations can be unattached or anchored to a chart element. The following list shows how to position them. Chart coordinates ([argument](/api-reference/_hidden/dxChartCommonAnnotationConfig/argument.md '{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/annotations/#argument'), [value](/api-reference/_hidden/dxChartCommonAnnotationConfig/value.md '{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/annotations/#value'), [axis](/api-reference/_hidden/dxChartCommonAnnotationConfig/axis.md '{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/annotations/#axis'), [series](/api-reference/_hidden/dxChartCommonAnnotationConfig/series.md '{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/annotations/#series')) specify the element that the annotation's arrow points to; pixel coordinates ([x](/api-reference/_hidden/dxChartCommonAnnotationConfig/x.md '{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/annotations/#x') and [y](/api-reference/_hidden/dxChartCommonAnnotationConfig/y.md '{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/annotations/#y')) specify the position of the annotation's center.

> - **Unanchored annotation**

Reviewer 2: There must be a type of anchoring that involves angle and radius.

        annotations: [{
            x: 100,
            y: 200
        }]

- **Annotation anchored to a chart coordinate**

        annotations: [{
            argument: new Date(2019, 1, 16),
            value: 15,

>             axis: "Value axis 2" // in a chart with multiple value axes

Reviewer 2: The PolarChart doesn't support multiple value axes.
